Tier 1 freshness updates for security and faqs part one (#18718)
docker/docs: content/billing/faqs.md

You are asked to enter your coupon code when you confirm or enter your payment method. 

> If you use a coupon to pay for a subscription, when the coupon expires, your payment method is charged the full cost of your subscription. If you don't have a saved payment method, your account will downgrade to a free subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a coupon to pay for a subscription, when the coupon expires, your payment method is charged the full cost of your subscription. If you don't have a saved payment method, your account downgrades to a free subscription.
```
